Start Date: 2024-11-15 23:36:11[UTC]
adibot: Welcome Lee. I'm your virtual assistant adiBot, and I'm here to help you with all your adidas questions.
adibot: Do you maybe have a question about an existing order?
Customer: chat with agent
adibot: You'd like to speak to one of my human teammates, got it. 
adibot: I'm checking their availability. Hold on.
Customer: availabilityResponse
adibot: Just so you know: we have the same knowledge base.
adibot: Also, there might be a waiting time.
adibot: Would you like to add a specific comment, so the agent can dive right in?
Customer: No
adibot: Do you want me to put you through?
Customer: Yes
adibot: I'm handing you over to the next available teammate.
adibot: handover
End Date: 2024-11-15 23:36:36[UTC]
Agent: Hi, I'm Louie Bien and I will be assisting you today!
Customer: hi
Customer: ACA95339665
Customer: this is my order number
Agent: Hello Lee I hope you're doin well
Agent: How may I help you with the order
Customer: i was buy some thing before but i see  the price go downing I want to Refund the difference
Customer: https://www.adidas.ca/en/la-trainer-lux-shoes/IE6478.html?forceSelSize=10.5
Customer: for THIS  one
Agent: I see. Allow me to check for you
Customer: ok
Agent: May I know the item you;re referring to please
Agent: thank you
Agent: please stay connected ok
Customer: ok
Agent: Thank you for waiting. The price adjustment has been honored.. You can expect the amount to reflect back to your original mode of payment in 3-5 business days
Customer: but i also use 25% prome for it
Customer: do you computer
Customer: that 25% off
Agent: No we cant't since we're only able to use one promo per transaction
Customer: i mean that is 38 right now
Customer: i use 25% for that order
Customer: so should be 28.5
Customer: so you use 28.5 to rufund or 38
Agent: May I have the voucher code you're referring to please
Customer: i can give to you or maybe i can check
Customer: MEMBERSHIP-MARKDOWN-SALE
- C$ 35.50
LVL3****7XFP
Customer: same thing like that 
Customer: i can see the code 
Customer: cant
Agent: I was able to process the price adjustment based on the total price which is $38. We're not able to use voucher codes on the item since it is included on the black friday sale
Customer: so i lost one 25%?
Customer: but i use it for that order
Customer: it is work?
Agent: Yes it is. the voucher worked on the order.
Customer: what do yo mean
Agent: Yes the voucher 25% is applied on the order. If we process an adjustment it will be for the price of $38
Agent: The 25% off voucher will be disregarded
Customer: so you meaning you refund me with 38*75%=28.5
Customer: 42.75-28.5=14.25?
Agent: The refund will be $5.37 since you purchased the item worth CA$48.31 + 38 including tax which becomes $42.94
Agent: so $48.31-42.94 equals 5.37
Customer: yeah that is what i meaning i  use promo code for that order
Customer: but if you refund me i lost one 25% 
Customer: promo code
Customer: i should able to get one more
Customer: or you refund me with the promo code includ price
Agent: You mean a replacement voucher code?
Customer: yeah i
Customer: i use one
Customer: but that one is not work so i should able get new one?
Customer: do you think?
Agent: I see. Ok with regards to that we can process a price adjustment on the next order. for 25% off
Customer: ok may i get the promo code
Agent: Since on our end the process to provide percentage voucher codes has been removed on our system
Agent: So a price adjustment will be provided for your next order.
Customer: so you meaning i can order now?
Customer: or what do you meaning 
Agent: Just make sure that the next order is not an excluded from promotions and not included in black friday sale
Customer: but for the black friday i can promo code?
Customer: you meaning you cant send the promo code with me ?
Agent: No promo code will work on items included in black friday sale
Agent: Yes we're no longer able to send promo codes
Agent: that is why we have price adjustment as a resolution
Customer: so how can i rember that 
Customer: so with you cant change the price to promo code
Customer: promo code
Customer: 38*75%=28.5
Customer: i mean this 
Customer: i know you are just staff
Customer: but that is what i should get price
Agent: We can't process an additional adjustment on that since we already processed according to the black friday sale
Agent: That is why to replace the 25% voucher code. We will resort in the process of price adjustment
Customer: but i lost money and i dont want to contact with you next time
Customer: that will lost my time 
Customer: give me some soultion
Agent: Ok I will agree to this. Remember that this was not part of the process and policies we have so I'll to this for you as one time courtesy. I will be processing a price match to match the price $28.5
Customer: thanks so much
Customer: i know that 
Customer: thanks so much
Agent: I will be putting notes on this case. Please stay connected as I process your refund
Customer: ok i will stay here
Agent: I have already made a request to process the refund to our team. You can expect the amount to be refunded to you in 3-5 business days
Customer: thanks so much
Agent: You're most welcome Lee
Customer: i am so happy to see this result
Agent: Would there be anything else I can assist you with?
Customer: no just it thanks